(Kyobo Finances)
I...
believe in you.
Because it's me,
I can believe you.
My gosh.
(Episode 1)
No way. This is crazy.
Gosh, I really can't believe this.
Goodness.
(On a road)
What's wrong? Did you have another dream?
(On a road, at night, wintertime)
What's this smell?
Don't light the candles. Open your window and let the fresh air in instead.
Goodness, your room looks like a pigsty.
(I hugged a man I've never seen before.)
Gosh, it's so crazy!
What's crazy? Look at this mess. It totally looks like a pigsty.
I can't even eat pork because pigs remind me of you.
Not about that, Mom. In my dream, I hugged a man whom I've never seen.
I hugged him first. Mom, you know...
that I'm not the type to hit on guys first.
Of course I know.
How can you hit on guys looking like that?
If you have any conscience, that is.
Mom, are you really my mom?
Can you please toll the bell for your mom?
Here, Ernest Hemingway.
What does he look like? Is he handsome?
Why does that even matter?
I have a boyfriend, you know.
Hey, you've only seen him twice since the blind date.
Will you marry him the next time you see him?
I hate people who cheat,
so don't even talk to me about the guy in my dream. Never.
He'll come into your life even if you don't want it.
All of your dreams come true, you know.
That's not true!
I heard someone's moving into that house. It must be happening today.
Oh, my. Handsome brothers.
Are they really brothers?
Take this already.
People no longer give out rice cakes when they move. It's old-fashioned.
It's not old-fashioned. It's a way to show kindness.
Go on.
It's him.
He's the one I hugged in my dream.
What?
Hello, I just moved into the house across the street.
Please leave. Do not visit us unannounced like this.
We don't want any greetings or kind gestures. Sorry.
Goodness, what is her problem?
Hey, I told you that I didn't want to do this.
- You didn't smile, right? - You little...
I did.
I had a big smile on my face like an idiot.
Really?
Who would be that rude?
- Was it a woman? - Yes!
You should date her. You two will make a great couple.
You're such a jerk.
- Hey. - Gosh.
Mom, you should've given me a heads-up if you needed the car.
Of course I'll be late if I take the bus.
Mom, Mom, Mom.
That guy is here.
The guy I saw in my dream.
Excuse me. Do you mind moving over a bit?
I absolutely can't fall for him.
- Excuse me? - I'll call you later.
Calm down.
I have no interest in him whatsoever.
Why is he sitting right beside me?
3 seats on the left and 2 on the right.
Why did he pick that seat out of them all?
Is he trying to hit on me?
No, I shouldn't jump to conclusions unless I want to embarrass myself.
He followed me.
Then I'm neither jumping to conclusions nor being delusional.
He followed me again.
If I let my guard down, a neighbor will turn into a friend,
then a friend will become a boyfriend.
- I'm not interested in you. - You girls can take these seats.
I beg your pardon?
- Hey. - My goodness.
She must've thought that guy was hitting on her.
- How embarrassing. - Seriously.
- Be quiet. She'll hear us. - She must be mortified.
- My gosh. - Look at her.
I'm embarrassed for her.
Miss, you should take the one across the street.
The next stop is the final stop.
I know that. I can't take the bus to the final stop?
- Did you girls hear that? - My gosh.
Gosh, how embarrassing.
- It's really embarrassing. - What's she going to do?
- I know, right? - She must be mortified.
We don't want any greetings or kind gestures. Sorry.
That voice...
Oh, wait. You're...
It's the voice I heard through the intercom. You're that rude girl!
It's okay. Don't worry. That wasn't embarrassing at all.
You were good.
You put up a good defense.
- Mom. - That little...
I think that dream will come true.
Have you already fallen for that guy?
Is your heart an automatic door or what?
It opens up before anyone even knocks on it.
Like this.
That's not what I meant. That guy is smitten by me.
What makes you think that?
Why else do you think he sat right beside me like that?
You said he did it so that those girls could sit.
He's such a pro.
He has some serious skills.
I think you just have no clue when it comes to guys.
Could I get my bill, please?
1 serving of pork belly and kimchi stew. 17 dollars, please.
Okay. Just a second, please.
- Here you go. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - The food was good.
Thank you.
What's the matter? Do you know that man?
In a dream I had about three months ago,
I saw that man with a bandage on his finger.
It was snowing. As soon as he flicked his lighter for a smoke,
he caught fire.
When? Where was it?
I don't know.
He flicked his lighter with the hand with that bandage.
That means it'll happen soon. My gosh.
Sir.
Sir, could you give me your lighter and cigarettes?
- Why? - Smoking...
is bad for your health. It can cause cancer...
Why do you care? It's none of your business.
Move. Get away.
Sir, you'll die if you smoke.
What is wrong with these women? Are you both crazy or what?
Get lost. Don't block my way!
Gosh...
For goodness' sake.
Sir!
You have to listen to me. You'll die if you smoke!
You have nothing to lose. Hear me out. Please?
Gosh, you totally ruined my day.
- Gosh. - Hey.
Goodness.
I took this from him. Will it help?
Forget it. It's of no use.
It's his choice and his life.
What are you talking about? We must change it if we know.
We can't.
Who would believe this crazy nonsense?
"I saw you in my dream."
Gosh, where did my lighter go?
"What I see in my dreams always comes true,"
"so if you want to live,"
"you must listen to me no matter what."
Everyone will think it's complete nonsense.
Even Dad passed away like that because he didn't believe me.
The future is unchangeable.
Knowing what will happen changes nothing.
(While You Were Sleeping)
I'll get this cake.
And please give me enough firecrackers.
Is it someone's birthday?
Hey, today is Prosecutor Jung's first day. We should celebrate.
Celebrate, my foot. You're going overboard.
We should celebrate indeed. Let's celebrate.
Let today be a national holiday.
He looks smart.
I know, right? Doesn't Prosecutor Jung look so sharp?
I really like him.
- Look at this. - My goodness.
Ms. Moon, my feelings are hurt.
You used to call me fondly like that when we used to work together.
You're already calling Prosecutor Jung like how you used to call me?
Gosh, Prosecutor Lee...
Lawyer Lee.
I'll pay for this.
No, you don't have to do that.
It's all right. Today is Prosecutor Jung's first day, you know.
I should congratulate him.
Do you know him?
Of course. I used to tutor him.
He looks like he's never needed a tutor in his whole life.
What? He always got the lowest grades in school.
- Are you serious? - Really?
I find that hard to believe.
All right. What does this word mean? Read it out loud for me.
(13 years ago)
This is so easy.
"Just". It means now.
"Ice" as in "ice cube".
Together, they're pronounced as "just ice".
It means, "Freeze now."
My gosh, he used to be that dumb?
Poor you. A stupid prosecutor will definitely make your job harder.
Well, he's still a prosecutor.
He can't be that stupid.
My gosh.
I can't stand him.
Hey, Jae Chan.
Is it you, Yoo Bum?
(Prosecutor's Office, Prosecutor: Jung Jae Chan)
(Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan)
Was it two years ago? The work I did...
for the corruption scandal and the serial murder case earned me...
an award from the Public Prosecutor General.
All I did was put down a spoon on a table...
that was already set by Mr. Choi, but I even got an award.
Gosh, that's not true.
Hello, I'm Investigator Choi Dam Dong.
Nice to meet you. I'm Jung Jae Chan.
Oh, this is...
I'm Assisting Officer Moon Hyang Mi.
Hello, I'm pleased to meet you.
- What brings you here? - What do you think?
You're gloriously back as a prosecutor.
I should congratulate you, of course.
You two first met as a tutor and a student,
and now you meet again as a lawyer and a prosecutor.
I guess you can say that.
I just came to say hi. I think we'll be able to help each other out.
You know, a win-win relationship.
Oh, excuse me for a second.
Yes, did you get my text?
Make sure you're free on the 14th.
What do you think? It's Valentine's Day.
The restaurant you've been wanting to check out...
I actually know that place.
Jae Chan, do you know what "win-win" means?
"Win-win"? Is it a Chinese word?
I'll tell you what it is. Your dad said that he'd...
raise my pay by 10 dollars each time your class ranking goes up.
Just give up.
I cannot get better grades for the life of me.
We can fudge your grades on your report cards.
Gosh, my dad is a cop.
What if we get caught? I bet he'll put both of us behind bars.
We can make sure it's not that obvious.
Hey, I'll get 300 dollars more if it goes up by 30 places.
I'll give you half of it.
You said you want a motorcycle.
When will you be able to buy it with your pocket money?
I can make more money, and you can buy a motorcycle.
Your improved grades will make your dad happy too.
All parties involved will be satisfied.
That is a win-win situation.
So you have to come, okay?
All right.
Hey, make some time for me soon.
I'll take you to an amazing sushi restaurant. I'm off.
- I'll get going. - Okay, bye.
You're leaving already?
- Bye. - Bye.
[VIU Ver] E01 While You Were Sleeping "The Accident"
-= Ruo Xi =-
So...
Mom died because of me?
Because...
of the accident I caused?
Hong Joo.
Tell me that this is a dream. Please.
Wake me up. Please?
Pull yourself together.
What should I do?
(Aunt, Mom)
(Because of the accident I caused, Mom...)
Up to 10cm of snow is expected to pile up.
- Hong Joo, eat before you wash up. - The snow will freeze,
so please be careful when you drive.
Hey, why are your eyes so puffy? Did you cry?
Extra caution is advised.
I ate ramyeon before bed last night.
I'm going to wash up.
- Eat first. - A massive explosion...
was caused by a civilian who was smoking while filling up gas.
A self-serve gas station in Osung-dong, Giheung-gu.
A man gets off his SUV.
He puts a cigarette in his mouth and takes the nozzle...
toward the gas tank opening.
As soon as he flicks his lighter,
the oil mist from the gas tank opening catches fire,
and the gas station gets engulfed in flames instantly.
This accident killed the 37-year-old man, Mr. Kim, on the spot.
Hey, isn't he the guy from the other day?
You told him not to smoke. It's that guy, right?
Hong Joo.
Hong Joo! Give it to me.
Hey, let go. Let go of this!
Give it to me. What is the matter with you?
Mom, that man died just like what I saw in my dream.
I know. There was nothing we could do though.
The future doesn't change!
What should I do? Mom...
Mom, what should we do?
Mom...
Hong Joo.
Mom.
Are you saying I'll die because of an accident you'll cause?
And you don't know when it'll be?
Let me see.
You need a flower right here.
- My gosh. - You think this is funny?
Mom, do you find this situation funny?
You saw that the man died just like what happened in my dream.
My dreams have never been wrong.
Is that why you chopped your hair off like this?
Did you think that changing your hairstyle might change what you saw?
I'll never grow my hair long.
I had long hair in the dream.
I had no idea...
that you looked pretty because of your hair.
Mom!
Gosh, don't worry.
I won't die like that.
You're the only one I have in this whole world,
so don't leave me.
Okay?
Gosh, my baby.
You really should wear a flower in your hair.
Mom!
Here are your flowers.
Thank you.
(February 14, 2016)
What are you doing?
Oh, my. Do you have a date?
Hey, Yoo Bum.
My gosh, did you get a new car?
- What brings you here? - I have a date.
- What about you? - What?
Oh, me too.
- Yoo Bum. - Hey, you.
You got a haircut.
Do you guys know each other?
Well, sort of.
By the way, how do you know him?
Wait, are you two dating?
Yes.
We're dating, right?
Sorry?
Yes.
Hey, would you and your girlfriend care to join us?
- No, I don't want to. - No.
Fine, then.
It's cold. Let's go in.
All right. You guys should go in. Go on.
See you.
Look at you. You even have a car now. You're all grown up.
Bye.
Was it when he was in middle school? I got him a motorcycle.
My gosh, I think it was over a decade ago.
Jae Chan is all grown up now.
You really didn't steal that motorcycle?
No, I bought it with my money.
I never gave you that much allowance.
(Winter of 2003)
I earned it.
You earned the money? From what? How?
Chief, we'll question him.
Why can't you answer my question?
Did you steal it?
No. I just used my report cards...
What? Your report cards?
(Report Card)
I manipulated my report cards.
Yoo Bum said he'd be able to raise his rate if we did that.
We split it in half.
Gosh, you punk. Why did you lie about your grades?
Your dad has been going on about how much your grades have improved.
Hey, apologize to him right away.
Dad, this accident is...
- Chief. - Gosh, Chief.
(Mom)
Is something going on?
You keep checking your phone.
I think I should go home early today.
My mom isn't texting me back.
Is she ill?
No, she's not.
I'm just getting a bad feeling.
I blew out the candles.
The stove... I know I turned it off.
The door.
I forgot to lock the door.
Sorry?
I didn't lock the door. I should rush back home.
Well...
Hong Joo.
Mom, please pick up.
Wait, Hong Joo. Have you driven in the snow before?
No, I haven't.
Gosh, what should I do? Shall I take a taxi?
Will I be able to hail one now?
Give me your keys. I'll drive.
- But... - I've driven in the snow a lot.
Give it to me. I'll drive.
Excuse me.
Why isn't she picking up?
Should I call the police?
I'm sure she's fine.
Hello? Mom?
Why did you call me so many times?
No, I left my phone at the cafe.
That's why I missed your calls.
You silly goose.
I'm obviously talking to you now because I found it.
A nice young man found it and returned it to me.
Don't leave your phone behind,
and make sure you pick up right away!
Okay. I'll be home soon.
Thank goodness.
Do you always worry that much about your mom?
No.
Yoo Bum.
If...
If I cause an accident,
will you keep my mom safe?
What are you talking about? What accident?
Well, I'm not talking about right now.
Something like that might happen in the future.
Okay.
No matter what happens, I'll be sure...
to keep you and your mom safe. Are we good now?
By the way, are you really okay? You don't look so well.
Mom.
My gosh, look. She regained...
- her consciousness. - Mom.
- My goodness. - Gosh.
- My gosh. - Miss.
- Can you hear us? - My mom...
Where is she?
- Go get a doctor. - Can you see me?
- Is she okay? - My gosh.
Yoo Bum.
Hurry.
Hong Joo.
Ms. Nam, do you see me?
How many fingers do you see?
- My gosh. - It must be a Christmas miracle.
- It must be. - Thank goodness.
Where's Mom?
- Doctor. - She'll be okay, right?
My hair...
What happened to my hair?
Aunt.
What's the date today?
Today?
It's Christmas Eve.
Christmas...
has already passed.
It was three months ago.
Miss, you've been here for 10 months.
Aunt.
Where's Mom?
I'll tell you later.
I'll tell you when you're more alert.
I'm totally alert now.
Just tell me now.
I wish you woke up a little sooner.
Your mom did her best to hold out...
to see you regaining your consciousness.
What do you mean?
What happened to Mom?
Because of the accident you caused,
someone died.
My son! My poor son...
Bring him back to life. Bring my son back to life!
Gosh, my baby.
Wake up soon, okay? I'll make delicious food for you.
She had to pay the settlement money...
and your hospital bills,
so she sold everything including her house and the restaurant.
She worked so much that she didn't even have time to sleep.
She only thought about your recovery.
Then one day, she...
Did she...
die?
Yes, she did.
(Dear my daughter Hong Joo,)
(There's 25,000 dollars and 15,000 dollars in my savings accounts.)
(I also have life insurance that you can claim.)
(Don't beat yourself up.)
This must be a dream.
I'm dreaming now, right?
Tell me that this is a dream.
Please?
I need to wake up from this nightmare.
Why can't I wake up?
Tell me that this is a dream. Please.
Hong Joo.
I hate this dream.
Aunt...
Pull yourself together.
You might have to stand trial.
What do you mean?
Why should I stand trial?
I didn't even drive. Why?
You didn't drive?
Why do you keep saying that I caused the accident?
I did not drive.
That accident wasn't my fault!
(Episode 2 will air shortly.)